Improve wiki pages (#31)
LambdAurora/AurorasDecorations: wiki/blackboards.md

Wonderful blocks on which you can draw on.-->
<!--thumbnail:images/blackboards.png-->

Blackboards are blocks which you can draw on with dyes. 
They come in three variants: blackboard, chalkboard (green), and glassboard (transparent).

They can be placed, or worn as masks on the helmet slot, and on a dedicated slot if [Trinkets] is present.

> To place them, they will need a support block like candles, and they won't break if the support block is removed afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be placed, they will need a support block like candles, and they won't break if the support block is removed afterwards.
```
